Hello! I'm RoboMarchello, a passionate programmer who embarked on my coding journey in October 2021. Since then, I've explored various areas of programming, with a special focus on game development, physics simulations, and graphical projects.

I primarily work with Python and Pygame, though I’ve also used NumPy for some projects. Most recently, I created this website to both showcase my work and to learn more about HTML and CSS - while I’m still learning, it was fun!

Feel free to explore my projects on this page. If you want to contact me or just look at my other pages you can find me on:



Hi there! I'm RoboMarchello, a passionate programmer who began my coding journey in October 2021. Since then, I've explored various areas of programming, with a special focus on game development, physics simulations, and graphical projects

About me:

- I love creating all sorts of projects: games, physics simulations and other related things with graphics 📺
- Primarily, I use Python with Pygame(-ce) to build these projects 🐍
- Currently learning HTML and CSS while creating this website (not a very good designer, you can tell💀)
- I love playing games: Team Fortress 2 - 420 hours, The Binding Of Isaac: 140 hours 🕹️
- I'm from Ukraine


Why This Website:

This website is my digital playground, a place to showcase my creations while learning new skills like HTML and CSS (still under construction!). I could feature game leaderboards, publish web games, or share articles here. I have some exciting ideas for this site!



Hello! My name is RoboMarchello. I started my programming journey about 4 years ago, (October 2021, don't remember the actual date)
I enjoy creating all kinds projects, like game development, physical simulations, this website and other graphical programs and tests using mostly pygame(-ce)
For my projects I used mostly Python with Pygame, but I also used modules like NumPy. Got first experience with HTML and CSS when making this website (yeah, it is not perfect)
I created this website to share and showcase my projects here and also to learn some HTML and CSS finally:)
You can also find me here:
(discord, twitter, reddit, itch.io links) 